so where have we ended up today Chris
we're in the Shinjuku district of Tokyo
at the cap bar the capcom themed bar and
restaurant Greg where's this place been
all my life well you know it didn't
exist until about last year when they
opened in collaboration with pasilla
pretty cool though it's decked out with
Capcom stuff everywhere yeah everywhere
you know Monster Hunter man this place
is deck deck deck tout with Monster
Hunter stuff I love it this is actually
a pillow shaped like a Ratheon tail cut
these bad boys off in the moss 100 games
but in real life they actually make
great things to sleep on my favorite
part right behind me is playable Kaos
subs games we got the Dragon's Dogma
demo playable over here on the 360
sengoku basara HD collection playable on
ps3 how many restaurants have games for
you to play in them other than chucky
cheese and their food sucks
what's your favorite thing you've seen
so far I'm loving that they have this
giant Dragons dog Mart here got my
favorite class miss ignite the food
items of course of the main attraction
oh the food items are absolutely
hysterical a drink named after a street
fighter move is that too much to ask for
no it's not so not at the cap for the
capcom bar we've just actually placed
our order in the cap bar we're waiting
on our food to arrive can't wait to see
what comes out I have no idea what to
expect so I'm looking forward to this
immensely does Devil May Cry Kupfer is
it yeah so shall we attempt to sully
this with our hands yeah I think we
should dig in oh oh there's 2xe there
you go you don't have a DMC pun you can
throw in there this party is getting
crazy
god oh well Jackson
we got regular onion rings as we know
them in the States and then a variety of
sauces I actually don't know what these
sauces are looks like sherbert and this
is the gavel yeah I call this eating to
order this has been kind of a running
gag all somewhere with me with us
playing a lot of dogma and actually see
the unspeakable meaning I have to speak
about it it's kind of a bit ironic to
the full circle I think I would say a
rare opportunity does this cut straight
from the ogres loin this is actually
from the ogre I think no no fear survey
says rather speakable rather speakable
so this is tofu mode those of you are a
longtime resident evil' fans may
recognize this it was a unlockable mode
and re - we really like this dish by
eating two dishes prior to this yes I
believe that is what and you can only
eat this with the knife it's excellent
I think you'll find this is harder than
Leon or Claire mode which they have not
yet served us so what are we looking at
here Greg oh we got sunny lady kuda and
des mots hominy from a single cassava
and they just did a little back and
forth in character as those characters
right and earlier mmm yoga where so you
can tell by the if you get you from the
right angle II actually see its doll's
head although has now been set on fire
so I want to put my hand very close to
it and then these different little
mozzarella balls would be the skull
necklace around his the children's heads
that he wears so I still not quite sure
what's inside think this might be you
know inspired by Indian cuisine it would
be fitting and your verdict oh yes oh
yes
I think we have some dessert coming I
think we do and I'm ready hunt the Odie
tada no matter Bobby this is a touch up
poppin parfait anyone who's played try
will recognize this little guy he's a
he's your little helper guy does dances
he wears masks that give him little
buffs all around delightful so it
appears to be a much parfait green tea
parfait and then it's got ice cream on
top
Oh a little Japanese pudding feel like
you restored a little stamina there
mm-hmm
mm-hmm Wow that is a game cake it
actually looks a lot like lickers brain
to me it looks like a liqueur the
liqueurs brings me go ahead and start I
think you should look it all right
there's no way to get out of this safely
so it's just we should I was really
hoping for something is your brain
oh my mind if we eat it is it okay to
eat me
this is sticking a different touch oh my
god I want to do this she told you it
was her brain and you still did it I
don't even know if it like these cut
slices like a birthday cake just like
what is the grab a hand what is the
protocol for eating a brain oh no oh my
oh it's really good some kind of fruity
like raspberry topping 30 different
flavors in my mouth right now
Wow one of them is brain that is the
cognitive reasoning function yeah this
is your center of the brain that's where
the dessert knows it's delicious I think
this is a clear winner all right that
brings us the end of our little mini
tour of the Kat bar I like to thank
everyone for for having us and letting
us make a big mess and yes plates of
food but a mess and made them cook lots
of food and lots of songs and dances for
us yes so many thanks we're also going
to try to eat it all before we leave so
it's not wasted but yeah there's just so
much stuff like every little corner you
look in there's something to see I see
all kinds of monster hundred things like
behind the bar I didn't notice the first
time or on the tap there's this various
monsters and then art signed by
producers yeah there's all kinds of
little things you can just sit here and
look around and swivel your head and
look like look like a tourist even if
you live here yeah and it's just it's
kind of kind of thing that just does not
exist in the US and so to see it that it
does exist somewhere even if it's all
the way in Japan is still really cool so
thanks for watching and yeah we're gonna
go try to make sure this
who does not go to waste